Things break, you should expect things to break.
Ask yourself, what will you do when things break?
The more successful you are,
the larger your platform will grow.
The larger it grows,
the more components it will have,
and the higher the likelihood that something will fail,
and the more important the system is,
the bigger the problem that is,
when it does fail, don't be surprised when things break.
Expect it and prepare for it,
make sure that you create systems that are observable and that you then observe them.
But you can't just have a system that you actively watch.
You need to create active monitoring that will
alert you in the middle of the night when things go wrong.
Monitoring and alerting are your eyes and ears.
Monitoring is your ability to see what's going on within your systems,
and alerting is your ears allowing you to hear about serious issues.
Reacting to failure means taking the steps necessary to recover,
get the lights back on,
and return things to normal.
Doing so quickly and efficiently is the key to meeting your business objectives.